well howdy there internet people
it's beau again so today
we're going to talk about a mess
what's next right where are we going
from here
that's the question because it
appears that we've entered the uh
back and forth phase of all this it's
what it looks like
we don't know yet but that is what it
looks like
just a quick little recap on how we got
here
it started as a discussion debate
over civil rights then it moved to
marches and marches got rough
and now it certainly looks like
it's one of yours for one of mine i will
let the people from belfast tell you
what happens next
i have to go look for my coffee grinder
apparently
see the thing is we're already there
if you've watched this channel long
enough if you've watched my videos about
this topic in particular
you know i've gone to great lengths to
explain
how these things start how they grow
how they mature and what they become
and if you go back through the videos
when i talk about what they become
i use the same phrase over and over
again because it's the best way to
describe it and it's really easy to
remember
when these things mature and they're
right there they're at the point they
become
a pr campaign with violence
we don't know at the time of filming we
don't know what happened
we have no clue what happened in
portland
but i know that we're already at that
point
because there was a mix-up in the
initial reporting
the initial reporting made it seem like
the victim was
part of one group and then as it was
clarified
seemed to suggest he was part of another
if you were on social media at the time
you got to see the rhetoric do 180
everybody if they were saying it was
justified
well suddenly it became unjustified
and vice versa because it's no longer
about the facts we still don't know the
facts
it's about affiliation
it's about branding it's about
controlling the narrative
it's about managing the public
perception of the event
it's a pr campaign with violence
we are there we're there and we got here
because a whole bunch of people got
really rich dividing this country
playing this game of i'm gonna be
sensational
say something just a little bit more
extreme than the show that comes on
before or after me
that way i'll get the headlines the
problem is
everybody's playing that game so the
rhetoric just became more
and more and more extreme until people
were justifying and defending the
indefensible i'm looking at you tucker
carlson
this continued for years and you have
politicians
they don't want to be looked at as soft
so they adopted
this absurd rhetoric painting fellow
americans as the
opposition othering people
creating scapegoats doing all the things
that we see in countries we liberate
you have these politicians waving the
american flag
while destroying the country
it's supposed to represent tearing it
apart with their words
dividing americans up so they can shore
up their base
because while those pundits care about
the money and the ratings
the politicians care about the money and
the power
and then see then we got that
real far right winger
everybody just fell in line because
nobody wanted to say whoa whoa hang on a
second i didn't really mean all that
stuff i was just saying it to get paid
so they all fell in line and they all
supported him
and this is the result
steps away we are about to go through
the door
to the unimaginable in this country
and it was all over money and power
it's all a bunch of rich old guys trying
to secure their place
in the world playing up ideological gaps
that initially weren't really there
but as that rhetoric got used
and people got moved further and further
and further to the right
then they developed then they became
real
they weren't there in the beginning
and now they are and we see the
results in the street
as they continue to push a leader who
profits from americans being divided
what this country needs now more than
anything
is leadership who can unite
bring people together make people
realize
especially those who are out in the
streets right now
make them realize they have more in
common with each other
than they do with their representative
in dc
see if this does spiral out of control
all these people the people who started
it
the people who inspired it they're going
to be nowhere to be found
they will be safely on set somewhere or
they will have a security detail
protecting them your family won't
this country needs people who can unify
needs people who can help heal
the wounds that have
been torn open by
inflammatory rhetoric
this country needs to stop watching
those who go out of their way to inflame
and in sight
this country is going to be torn apart
by people who
actually have the motto and the idea in
their head that they're saving it
the country isn't going to go backwards
it's going to continue to move forwards
how that happens well now that's up for
debate
is always difficult but it doesn't have
to be like this
all it takes is for people to realize
their mistake
and take a step back start talking to
each other
stop kicking down trying to subjugate
others and impose
your will
that's all it takes and we can do it
but
there are a lot of people with a lot of
power right now
who want anything other than a united
country
because if the country unites if the
starts talking instead of pointing
fingers
instead of arguing instead of fighting
they know they won't have a job
you need to think back
this is especially true of
a voting base that is most loyal
to one of the biggest offenders you need
to think back
through your life
and try to remember any time that was
like this
and whether the changes that are going
on right now the things that the
democrats
are half-heartedly advocating for like
medicare for all and stuff like that
if that's more inflammatory than say i
don't know ending segregation
seems kind of like a small thing in
comparison right
so why are we suffering the same types
of civil unrest
because it's a manufactured enemy
donald trump has gone out of his way to
divide this country
to keep you loyal he's gone out of his
way
to get you to view anybody who questions
him
as fake news as false
only donald trump knows the truth
only donald trump can guide this country
the thing is he's been guiding the
country for four years and this is where
we're at
if he could do all of this stuff why
hasn't he done it
this country isn't united and it's not
going to be able to unite under trump
it will not heal under trump
it will only get worse
these pundits these people who thrive
on fear and anger
they've driven the country to the brink
and they've done it while wearing
american flag lapel pins
we haven't gone through that door yet
but we're we're really close and the
mindset
is already there it's already about the
narrative
it's already about the pr
all it takes now is
for somebody who can't really see what
they're doing
to go too far then it's out of control
then it's done
and everybody's going through the door
whether you want to or not
the most important thing for this
country at this moment in time
is to take a step back because
once this starts it doesn't stop easily
and we're right there
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day